This
week I was over pilots rescued by male gym male gym is the easiest way to send an email
newsletter out how is the news under doing right now I have no idea really you've been neglecting any
attention to it. Yeah because Mervyn's been handling it like a boss the best thing I saw on
the
newsletter was that Peter Conny our editor recommended Steph Curry the
basketball player and I think I was like the last deadly lawyers in the world by about five Curry
from our podcast newsletter from a pretty big step grief and now sign for now champ send
your own newsletter. Maybe it could be Steph Curry fax mail Jim The easiest way to send e-mail newsletter.
Hey B.J. and X.. Are you ready for this week's episode do you think.
Do I need to be ready in like a different way than normal. I'm just trying to carry him
in this one the weird one. OK we're done.
OK So this is a story that I've been reporting for the last month.
And it's honestly kind of taken over my life but it starts small start very
small with this guy named Eric Yearwood about two and a half years ago. Eric embarked
on this quintessential New York life change where he quit his job as a teacher in Florida
and moved to the city to become an
actor but it didn't go so well I haven't made the kind of
career I wanted for myself I guess and kind of fallen back on some
plan B.'s That's a tough racket really tough and especially when
I'm I moved here and I had a
fiance and because I wasn't making a lot of money and didn't
seem like I was headed towards a stable lifestyle we split up. So I
was pretty down and out mid year two thousand and
fifteen to make ends meet. Eric got jobs doing stuff like building stage. His her fancy
shanty events and some graphic design work but Eric was not living his
best life. I think when I was in college I wanted to be like a renaissance man you know I wanted
to experience all of life and you know but then you get a little older and
you realize hey I've just got this little pocket of stuff I can do
and kind of be content with that we're getting real heavy going here.
Sorry to be Debbie Downer here. I didn't know what to say but and the same questions
I guess.
Eric was in the city following his dreams and he's going nowhere. And then magic entered his
life in the form of an
e-mail you know it was basically something like you know hello I'm a performance artist I go by
the name of Sir do Lou I have something that you might fit you know or
this role and I was wondering if you might be willing you know for several hundred dollars
to participate.
These are do Lou.
Eric still has no idea how or why this person found him in fact Eric barely knows
anything about them beyond the fact that this person calls themselves are doing their due
who took Eric and made him part of
something that became bigger than he could have ever imagined. But even calls themselves are
dealing that's their name. That's what they go
by it's like a it's like I'm on a new pseudonym. So I know pseudonym.
It sounds
like I mean maybe it's a common name somewhere it sounds like something from what was the movie
was David Bowie and they're amazing and
scary it is very funny that you mention that that movie is called labyrinth. And after exchanging a
few emails Eric agreed to go to do a studio and this is what he said about meeting
her she was wearing robes. When I when we met so that was very odd.
She looked like she was. Like maybe
a villager from the labyrinth.
Was she wearing with a cloak. She was. It was more it wasn't a cloak it was more
like kind of like a row. Said like does she keep or something with some sort
of embroidered symbols or something down the front of it she was a little bit kind of.
Ha I don't know mystical is a weird word but that's the way she
seemed
somehow Eric said that she was friendly but kind of inscrutable You know I mean. And then
she starts explaining what she wants from him.
She just said I want to create something viral.
So this was fall of last year after Peter at the video of a rat carrying a slow speeds down a
flight of subway stairs went viral and suddenly the internet couldn't get enough videos
of rats carrying things and their due apparently wanted to manufacture one of
these videos. So she says to Eric. Here's the
plan. It's going to be a video starring you and a rat. But not just any subway or
at a read that I train. You'll sit on the subway the rat will
crawl onto
you step on your phone. Take a picture of
itself and then you're unfeigned surprise and run away and
I will be recording it. But
then the rat would need to be able to unlock his phone. Yes.
So there is a level
of artifice involved in this right. He has to unlock his
phone pretend to be asleep. Let the rat crawl on him take the
picture and then jump up frightened and run away but even if you're faking a
little bit that's still like an extremely well trained rat P.J. you have no
idea that was the rat there.
Yeah the rat was there and there were other rats too. And so they would run this
maze they would leap over these little obstacles they would go through there was like a
Leica like a little pool that they would swim across to retrieve certain
things and she had them trained in a way that was pretty amazing.
Is amazing. It is
amazing when I saw what she was doing with the rats. It went from
being like OK this is just a. Like I'm helping somebody make a web series
or something to. Wow this person is doing something big
this isn't just some Mickey Mouse operation. No pun
intended in a couple days later they meet. At about four in the morning in the subway.
They're doing shows up dressed as a civilian with no road so as not to draw attention to
herself and she brings another person to film the whole thing so that she is free to do the
right wrangling and initially we were going to actually take the video on a
subway car but when we
went down into the subway. We couldn't find an empty
car that was empty long enough so we at some
point she kind of called inaudible and said let's do it just on
the platform. OK So we found a platform that was
empty
enough and. We had peanut
butter smeared on the phone and they put the rat on top of
me and then took it from there. Where was the peanut butter on
the phone. It was at the spot where you press the
button.
And
need and.
It appears that came card actually and then the only one that loves selfies rats apparently like
them
to their do took the video and sent it to a Connecticut T.V. station posing as someone
called Don Richards and that's how selfie rap was born and it was
everywhere for a couple days it became the weird news story on the eleven o'clock news all over the country.
It was blurry and you couldn't tell that it was airing. But the video is seen
millions of
times in the process he's dropped a cell phone which somehow snapped a photo of
the imposing critter Richard caught the whole thing on video and now the sleeping
man has a forever memento of selfie rat. Christina bear
PIX eleven
News.
What is the mouse like in the photo. I can show you a picture of it.
If
you look like some it's like pretty Valarie but it makes them look like.
Like a rat from like the Muppets like it makes them look really cute because it's just like you see like the pink of his nose and
like I don't know
it's like that I mean it's adorable.
So
at this point I'm asking myself what kind of person puts this
Herculean effort into this politically in consequential Ratto in
Eric says to me that is Urdu told him that selfie
rat selfie right is just the
beginning she has a big vision and she was describing
the project as a piece a puzzle piece in this
grand tapestry of illusions that she wants to create in New
York City.
Wow yeah she would say you know like
the world isn't prepared for what I have in store.
You
know just things that are just like OK they're kind of enigmatic head
scratchers but after seeing her do studio. Eric was ready to believe
her a lot of the things I was looking at I didn't really understand
like she had there were these the geometric shapes that she had cobbled
together from iron and wood and she had like up.
Remember that was like a big suit made
of hair it looked like human hair didn't look like for so that
was bizarre. That's just bizarre and then she had a lot of. There were a lot
of like drills and industrial stuff that she uses to make
bigger objects I guess.
Eric told me that all the stuff inside. Studio the suit of human hair the shapes made of iron and
wood all of those things that he couldn't quite
understand they're part of her master plan to unleash something huge a
New York City.
Wow So she's like an art
villain but is she an art villain. I just watched how is
she villainous in this situation. Well she's saying she's going to unleash a series
of allusions Well the thing you heard a hero who was talking about a unleashing anything but
particularly
allusions again I am I'm paraphrasing but magician should work with consent.
Magicians do allusions all the time magicians are like on the villainous gradient.
Anyway. So part of doing this project was that Eric wasn't supposed to say anything about it to
anyone and he wouldn't have were it not for the fact that some
person anonymously contacted the website Gothamist and said listen
this selfie right video is a
fake and to this day we have no idea who was the contact the
Gothamist but whoever it was they said you know this video is fake.
I know the guy who is in it. His name's Eric. Wow. And the author of the article contacted Erik and
was like hey the jig is up. I know this was you and so he was like Yeah all right I'll talk
to you about it so governments put up the article but the big headline wasn't even about
selfie rat. Instead it was about pizza or
at the headline was is pizza rat a hoax.
I
talked about little the guy who filmed Peter at and unlike Eric. He says it wasn't state.
He insists that pizza
rat is not a hoax myself and my friend Pat bear. We were heading home from
work late one night and we look down and there's a rat dragging
a place of pizza twice his size his or her size down the
stairs and it was one of those moments where I was like I have to take my phone
out and videotape this because my friends will never believe this if I. Just
tell them I saw it for met Peter at
success was this strange and Larry's moment in his
life he did a ton of interviews he made a Peter at T. shirt. It was just
a serendipitous right place right time kind of thing. And then he got an e-mail from
a reporter AFAM asked the same reporter who had talked to
Eric and I said OK I just need more context of what you're what you want to
know right and check your mail about an hour later again and he's emailed me
twice he said he he's pretty sure it was faked.
And to that he needs to hear from me by three thirty if I want to quote in the.
In the article and also congratulations on pulling off such a hoax which like it's very
flattering that he thought I
was smart enough to fool the entire world this way
and I called him and I realized that he was serious and
the first thing I did was laugh I was like well one. Like why
why do you think this was staged.
Who has the time. Who's the time to do so well.
So you can answer your question yeah yeah. Who would do this apparently this
person when you hear the names or do what do you think when I first
thought I thought terrible start
up
when I hear the names or do I think of the opening act
for Houdini escape exhibit at
like vaudeville theater in the thirty's.
So Matt Little says that he does not know his or do. He says that he's never met Eric.
Matt says that he was not collaborating with some rogue wearing labyrinth well or he was just hanging out in the subway late
at night and he saw a rat carrying a ridiculously huge piece of pizza. But if you're a
conspiracy theorist.
There's one thing that ties these two guys together which is they both take classes at the Upright Citizens
Brigade
Theater and that's a detail. That Gothamist treats like a smoking gun. OK
I feel like I can
actually maybe dispatch with that specific conspiracy theory. I don't think that the fact that Matt and
Eric both are affiliated with racism Brigade theater means that they're collaborating just because
like you see is like a comedy theater New York that I really really really love I go to shows all the time. I
know a nerdy amount about like which performers do what and whatever and anyway.
All this to say that theater is huge there's like thousands of people who've been associated with it.
Two people both being called what you see Bebo is like two people having done the same
like mid to large sized
university right. And like I
said They say that they don't know each other but when I was talking to Eric the
guy who conspired with our do on sell he read. I asked him if he thought that's our DO could
also be responsible for Peter
at well she's got an armada of
highly trained rats to deploy to create viral content. So it does
doesn't take a mental leap to think that she could
be but is she or do I know that she is I don't have any
knowledge of such a
thing I even asked Eric to go back and look at the Peter Aveeno for clues.
So does that rat look plausibly like one
of the rats you might have
seen. Well I have to say the main rat that or do
Louie uses his name whiskers on that did
look somewhat like whiskers sir doos capable of doing things
that you can't even imagine.
And so the.
The possibility that some people took a video that they
didn't know was created by his or do little.
I mean
it's it's not beyond the realm of the Imagine a. Oh
my God you know
I went from being like eighty percent sure they key was involved in an isolated performance
art piece and this other thing was completely separate to
like starting to wonder what's real
Yeah well I think that selfie rat is inferior to a pizza rat as like a video.
It's a more complicated thing to stage. And
so you know if this person is doing like a series
of allusions designed to like terrifying between New York City or whatever it was like you'd start
with pizza right. You'd go to selfie rather than Maybe it's like rat riding a motorcycle then maybe it's like rat
president like like they there is a progression of like complexity that makes
sense because the other thing that I think about is like why would a
rat holes a pizza like. And the pizza was like perfect like it wasn't like a
crumpled up thing that been on the floor like the way I remember it was like a slice that had been purchased by the rat.
So you see it's like making you
question what what is real Yeah. Now I do feel like a little bit of a rat
truth
or right. I mean my first impulse when I found out the piece or it might be a hoax. Was just to
be mad because I felt like this one incredible moment where the
universe distilled everything New York City into this encounter with a rat on the subway was
a lie. But then I started thinking like who is the liar in this
situation and it seems like it's this
person
who is looking down over the
city and basically leading us through mazes to get a
reward just just delivering a little joy. To our rat like lives right. A
world where a rat carries a slice of pizza is more interesting than or doesn't but a world where a
lady trained a lab rat who cares abuse is more interesting than either of those worlds.
Yes it is such an attractive
idea. So attractive in fact that I proposed it to Matt little the guy from the Peter
had video and even he was willing to entertain a.
How do you know that you weren't an unwitting pawn in some kind of massive Zar
do Luzhin or micros or delusion. Well that's an
interesting question I think
that I think that one could never
know you can really you can really go down like a pretty serious
rabbit hole with this discussion or use or do I would if yours are two of you have to tell me it's
the law or it's like it's like if I'm a cop Yeah yeah I do and you're trying to sell me cigarettes.
Yeah I would love to Beezer do it because I would love to have like a vision like this but right. I'm not. Yeah.
So
after this government article comes out everyone in New York City is talking about viral read video again
including a woman named Laura dude.
It was in my head I think like just because that morning I had read something
online about how pizza route was a hoax and it was such a big
bummer this rat is you know just want to freakin slice of pizza
and it's going to do anything to get it it was just kind of like embodied the New York
spirit so Laura's coming home from dinner thinking about pizza rat and she
goes into the thirty four St Herald Square subway stop.
I was walking on the stairs and I noticed something moving by my feet when she gets to the bottom of the
stairs she pulls out her
phone and this time instead of a rat pulling a piece of pizza
down the stairs. It's two rats valiantly pulling a piece of pita bread
up the stairs. I'm not looking to have a viral video I never was. But I
just thought that I could not not film
that it's hard to deny that the timing of this video is pretty weird because the
Gothamist article that Pete threatened selfie rat came out just the week before but I talked to Laura for about
an hour and she was certain that her do had nothing to do with what she'd seen that there was no
conspiracy that rats just like the
PETA PETA rats are not these are just real rats. I mean
I know. No I have no proof that I'm not lying but.
I never thought that I would have to to back up
my story ever. Oh I don't think that you're lying. I guess what I'm I guess what I'm asking
is considering how well coordinated those two rats were pulling that Pete up the stairs.
Could you entertain the possibility even for a second that there might have been some rat
trainer hiding somewhere in the subway.
I mean I guess I could admit that. There's you know a brigade
of trained rats have been released upon New York City now that you've told me all of this background information.
How do I know
how do I know any rat is not one of the bizarre do lose rats. I mean I guess they could have been
planted
there at one point during my interview with Laura my producer Tim stepped in and asked a couple
questions for his Herald
Square very close.
Really. Yeah. It's thirty fourth and
sixth and U.C.B. is twenty six
minutes but that doesn't mean
anything that's just coincidence.
Well I'm just trying to figure out what they are
do if there was somebody unusual. I wonder if there's
something unusual the top of the stairs. But you didn't you wouldn't you would imagine if you saw some odd one.
If
you saw someone with a cage. Yeah to measure
what.
There was a there was a guy at the top of the stairs.
I assumed he was a homeless person he was kind of
shouting nonsensical
things you know yelling about being hungry and are you hungry and it does look like
he's tossing like some kind of item
at the Rat I don't know if it's a crumb of something or a piece of
something and then it. I don't film anymore after that but it is if you have
a couple seconds of that I don't know if
he's involved. I just. I don't even
I really didn't think that I didn't give him much thought as someone who could have been
like working in the background to facilitate
this
more said that there was also a woman standing near her at the bottom of the stairs who was asking people not to get
too close so Laura could
film since they got
a missed article came out Sardou Lou has declined numerous interviews including
a request from
me but once her name was public she did two
things First she started a Twitter account and a Facebook
account and second she issued a statement which is totally amazing.
She said quote I think there are better stories to tell. Why wake
the world from a beautiful dream when the waking world is also
drab
Why wake the world from a beautiful dream when the waking world is also
drab What was her avatar like oh I would I would be delighted
to show us.
Oh my God Oh my
God Yeah that's our do. OK I'll try as
private her seems like a woman she's wearing a
purple robe as a sorcerer would she's she's
got some kind of like it's not like a turban.
It's like a turban and like a magician's hat like jammed together but her face is covered
in this
like what looks like a death mask for like man or billy
goat and then she has pink hair behind that and has a very like it's a creepy
like otherworldly like kind of menacing goofiness and then she's
holding a golden staff of a rat eating its own tail like a
rigorous right
Alex.
Very enjoy of all this whole creepy thing.
So these are do lose social media presence. If I could borrow a phrase
from Eric your Would is just basically a bunch
of enigmatic head scratchers OK Her tweets are written in the
voice of someone who is like. All powerful and all know what is
a type of person. Reply here a couple of her tweets follow me out of the
sunlight of reason and then the darkness will play.
OK I have no memories of my actual life. I can only recall what was captured
and replayed in digital images.
Wow.
Sam what did she mean I think
what she means I think her whole sort of world view is that the media
create myths like you and I we make a radio show or we have narratives
our narratives are tightly controlled by us and our editing process
so we are mythmakers. Her and
so she exists just to manipulate us and make her own myth.
So she's really into Sasquatch and the like Ness Monster because
those were the effort of a lot of people to try and fool a lot of other people into
believing something that was kind of magical or
supernatural right and also those are myths that
weren't created by you know the CIA or N.B.C. like they were created
by
people who like will never now and in fact our Twitter handle is I
am the
mythmaker
feels like if your enemy the myth maker maybe should tell you really are the member here.
So since she has a social media present tried getting in touch with her.
Normally when I ask for interviews I say like hi my name is Alex Goldman I work on this project
called reply all. And we have X. listeners and I think your story would be good on our show for.
Reasons but with or
do I I just like I just went totally off script.
I mean here's something that I actually wrote in an email to her. This is not I mean I'm
quoting right now. It says you've successfully cracked my brain wide open. So
congratulations to you on
that your very existence has basically made me open to believing that anything is
real and simultaneously that
anything is an illusion. I mean I was offering to do an interview where she sat behind a screen so that I
couldn't see her not just hold the microphone just be on the screen. I was writing these messages that
said knowing that she exists didn't make the waking world more drab it actually made it more amazing
because it made it like more unpredictable
and I was telling her that learning her existence totally changed the way that I saw the
world and she eventually declined to do an interview by not really responding to me
anymore but she did say at one point.
Be assured that the breadth and magnitude of my work would astound you.
Was
it true what you said that it was making you see the world differently see the city differently.
Yes I have put my phone down and I watched people.
And I am suspect of
everyone I know I'm I like that this is happening to you I'm
moderately skeptical like you think everybody can be part of a star do little hoax.
Have you noticed at the Carroll Street stop there was a woman who is very well dressed in like
a cloak who's constantly asking for spare change. Now she exists She's
tall and
thin. And very very impeccably dressed
and stands at the entrance of the subway asking for spare change every day in an
impeccable cloak. Yes.
Ha. It's like there are tiny things that I've been noticing. Give me another arm.
I was on the subway the other day and there were. A couple dancing with one
another no music just dancing like slow
dancing fast dancing slow dancing.
It felt like a slow dance at the
prom old couple young couple middle
age have already or fifty. It's like all of the
sudden everything could be said to him.
That's so funny and Eric who if you remember is the only person who admitted to me that he's made her
do
it he makes it sound like there's almost nothing she can't do.
It's a good thing that they're doing is using her powers for good because if she were to use
her powers for evil that wouldn't be good. Can you can
you give me a doomsday scenario imagine her using her powers for evil. What would she be doing.
Well a doomsday scenario would be that is are do
little is using her abilities to
create myths to completely
disorient our federal
government. All of our
say the utilities in the city all of
our metropolitan
infrastructure mass hysteria. People's lives being up
ended just panic in the streets. I think that these are due Lou
could cause just completely
Armageddon just of have to do because I can like
convince people to blog about something that seems fantastic too. I can convince world leaders to
do things is like in my mind actually a pretty large
jump. He thinks that he saw
things that were much larger in scope than
rat tricks like what like a like a like a robot of President Obama that was completely
lifelike I don't know man maybe that bodysuit of human hair. Who knows what's going to be that's
going to be used for maybe she's going to be a sasquatch.
Next
God. OK But so even then you're like Justin Trudeau you're
walking down the street in Montreal thinking about like what Canada's monetary policy should be and like
a really life like Sasquatch chums out of an alleyway It's
like raise interest rates and disappears. I don't think you're going to listen that advice.
OK.
Here's what I say if I were Justin
Trudeau Britannica all of my Alex gold many traits.
Yeah you'd be a very handsome Alice Goldman who could speak French.
But if I were to retain sort of like my terrible personality my weak
shriveled posture. All of the things that make me essentially Alex
Goldman and a Sasquatch friend
and told me to raise interest rates.
You better believe not only would I be raising interest rates. I would be putting all of
my national defense money into Sasquatch
elimination. Why do you have to the Sasquatch is out to get
you. Because the way that you described it was like a crowd going terrifying. You know if that's true
that's fair.
I mean I know that certain Lou probably can't actually cause Armageddon. But her
very existence has definitely made my life way more unpredictable. And I'm just kind
of waiting for the moment that she strikes again.
So
if you're out there listening to this.
I want you to know that I take the effort train between thirty fourth Street and Carroll Street every
morning between nine and ten and most nights between five and six.
I'll be looking for
you.
After
the
break a new Yes Yes No with our boss Alex
Bloomberg
this
week's
episode of reply all is brought to you by Stamps dot com dot com is a service that allows you to
print postage right from your desk and schedule pick ups from the postal
service and your staff fact of the week. Well it's really more of a message factor that the message back to
the week is the existence of carrier pigeons. I know that carrier pigeons exist yet but there are
famous carrier
pigeons the most famous carrier pigeon was named Sharon me and she helped save a lot of
Italian during World War one where he really helped save the Taliban. Yeah. Over five hundred soldiers were trapped behind
German lines. They sent Cherami with a message that said many wounded. We cannot
evacuate and the Germans shot her and she still got the message
across and after she returned home. Jeremy was awarded with the quad to Gary Medel
and she also received a gold medal from the organized bodies of American racing pigeon fanciers
and
recognition of her extraordinary service. I did not know there are that many medals in Beijing to get but I'm glad the
Cherami got a medal. If you
have a message you need to send and you don't have an award winning fearless carrier pigeon Stamps dot
com if you use the promo code reply. You can get a four week trial plus one hundred ten dollars bonus offer
including postage and a digital scale go to stanch dot com click the microphone at the top of the home page and type
in reply that Stamps dot com or go to
reply
this episode of reply all is brought to you by blue apron for less than ten dollars a meal blue apron
delivers all the fresh ingredients you need to create a home cooked
meal complete with easy step by step instructions even have meals like
do you break your day into meals. Yeah. What was breakfast today after bagel and I got to
work out a meal a snack. Someone put in front of you do you want to mean you were doing this is like
a silly semantic
argument you know it's not if you find a bagel on a table at work and you're like that's. Neal
now I am not the one playing semantic games.
What are you talking about of course I have meals describe a meal. What
happens when people have a meal. Where are they usually at their
desk. I get one meal that really happen.
Oh what you want well you know that
it really happened. Saira me chile the other night. Thank you I just want to know if
you go to Blue Apron dot com slash reply right
now and you can get your first two meals for free and find out what a meal is that's blue
apron dot com slash reply blue apron a better way to cook.
Welcome
to Yes Yes No the segment on the show or Alex Bloomberg is a babysitter so he can come hang out
with us
and learn about what goes on on the
Internet Alex comes to us with tweets that he doesn't understand and.
Hopefully we can decipher
them for him and I'm really I'm really excited. This is like
one super mystifying tweet like I'm baffled like zero percent comprehension
zero percent comprehension. OK All right you guys ready.
Yes I'm excited. I'm really hoping you can help me out alright. It's actually comes from a listener.
Alex press love who tweeted at me and said ideal yes yes no
material and Alex I have to agree I believe this is ideal. Yes yes no material
he included a link to this tweet in his tweet the tweet in question
is from a Twitter user
named Kate's Kama latte birdie
and the Photo Shopped poster of like sort of like some sort of town hall and it
says Bernie or Hillary be informed compare them on issues that matter has got
their two pictures and
then and then it says issue and then here's where the photoshopping begins.
Wherever whatever the issue that was there before.
It's been boxed out and now there's a new thing written in which is it.
To near zero point five
X. a presses and then under
Bernie's picture where it had a quote that sort of like represented how he felt about that issue.
Now it says quote. First off I need to talk about parallel universes.
And then under Hillary's picture where the new quote has been photo shopped and it
says quote and a press isn't a press.
You can't say it's only half so that's totally fucking confusing. Yeah I have no
idea what that is I don't know what point five X. a press's means I don't know what they're talking
about but here's the weird thing in this
tweet. They got one thousand two hundred nine read
tweets and I got one thousand six hundred two likes. That's insane.
And then Kate latte birdy
said I ran out of the shower to make this because I was so proud of
it all right so that's I am complete the
I'm confused by this one yeah. Peach of a do you do you understand the street like fifty
percent comprehension. Scope and do you understand the tweet. I understand the joke format.
You don't understand why content that is contained therein.
Alex Blumberg you understand this but
no I think we can get you to like I don't think we can get you all the way on this one we can get you to
like huh. OK OK. I was going to really have to detective this now aren't
we hash at OK OK So the the basic thing that
like job for one thing that Alzheimer with understand is
like there's this me I don't actually know or the mean like I don't know
what Basically there's this poster as you can see where
it's
comparing Bernie and Hillary on like any specific campaign issue. And there's like a call back from having a
crowbar from her right and the joke that kind of keeps cropping up over and over and over
again which like there's a lot of talk around whether the joke is
OK or not but the joke
is that whatever the issue is. Bernie's answer will
always be very long kind of like want cash like perhaps like more detail than is
necessary and then Hillary's answer will always be like kind
of vapid and straightforward and like wrong but
enthusiastic Got it
OK and feel like people like the joke because it's versatile and you can apply I think
any weird specific subculture issues like imagine if the candidate had an opinion about
whatever says OK but some people don't like the joke because they're like it's just
straightforwardly sexist
because Hillary Clinton isn't somebody who like has super vassal opinions about stuff but I don't know exist
and I just I think a Texas and a just out of got you all right so wait. So
can you give me some examples of the joke the way and in a form that we would understand it. OK so from the
Slate article about like why this is maybe
problematic. Here's here's like the best example I've ever seen actually so issue.
Harry Potter. Ernie side. Huge fan read all
the books know all the trivia about Hillary doesn't even know what a muggle
is and then Hillary says I'm a hostile
pompe when really that house would be
hopeful pop. Hopeful hopeful. What is it half a puff hustled off.
It's now that I messed up that you knew to go to me with that is even more messed up the knew the answer I haven't
read it.
I
still read the I.M.D.B. trivia section for every movie I've ever seen so I just know all the
trivia for you other than the movie you know possible I'm a hostile awful
FOV hostile PAF just to have a bob and it's awful
pomp Aleksey really like the sexist age of job you are even
OK here's what I think is real and actually this one is going to make sense
because it has like a
nother imbedded Yes yes no problem in it I
think which is why and so issue white vans semi idea.
Yeah no away fans thing.
You sound like you just saw a war crime happen. I hate that don't you really.
Oh you're broke
and OK so the issue white vans Hillary don't get in strangers cars kids.
Bernie damn Daniel like.
How do you choke. It's just stupid. You're so broke and OK that wintery
OK So that was a twofer. Somebody posted this video
as kind of a true video. It's like it's so wonderful but in ways they're like actually kind of
hard to put into words early so I can tell you've seen it. OK so.
Oh my God it makes me so happy to show you this.
There's like so few things that are any good and this is so good. OK so all it is is a
Twitter video that wine high school kid shot it's like a montage of a bunch of
different shots of his friend and just like in case you are just hearing this and can't see the video. It's
basically a bunch of like tight jump cuts of this one kid who is wearing a bunch of different really
great outfits
and you can't see the person filming him but you hear him reacting to all of
them and
you get it again with the Wanted
Dead genuine and
genuine and then you know
Jack Daniel's back at it again with
the light that
and the now and
now.
So
it's oh so than than this
the bring your Hilary. Issue white vans Bernie
Dam Danielle get set and then Hillary don't get a stranger's cars kids like she
thinks which is like a white van got it.
Yeah. Got it. I guess not so much a great joke as two internet
jokes hitting each other and people being excited about it right. OK So there's a bunch of these Bernie
or Hillary Photoshop posters.
Yeah OK Got it. So then back to the. Issue at hand actually
issued hand. Which. What was it again. Zero point five eight
presses their point five X. a presses. First off I need to talk about parallel
universes are eight. I've been looking it up. Well we've been talking and they press isn't a press. You can't say
it's only
half you look like you're processing information. This is so confusing. It
has something to do with Super Mario sixty four really. Yes what.
This guy made a long and complicated video about completing this stage in Super
Mario sixty four using only zero point five A presses
says impossible.
Yes So the A button makes you jump. You can't do head. You can't press a half a
button when you press the button is pressed was it like a speed round.
No it's a long and complicated video about completing a stage using only zero point five eight presses.
It's ridiculous and amazing but at one point he responds to a comment by T.J. Henry
Yoshi who claims that zero point five eight presses aren't real because you can't have pressed the button.
The poster of the video then took some time to explain how is your point five aprs is a real and
exactly how they work the overall ridiculous of the video has caused it to become an internet me
and Henry is of course part of it.
Wow you can spend your life any way you want and it was her chosen. No
this is what they've chosen we make sense. OK So this is a person
who found a way to
beat Super Mario sixty four a video game from no
one thousand nine hundred six maybe a level in Super Mario sixty four a video game from yeah maybe
ninety six so. So a person who be a very old videogame and they did it by putting
an artificial encumbrance on cells was that they would only press the jump
button half the
time which again means
that you have press a button. Well let's
hear what you know for game run use around it down to two. So in
conclusion
since that first the press counts in some kind. But at no additional a
precedent other
contacts I'm familiar refer to it the press going back to
the video you can only right now if you know you so well
you're right you're right if I can you get it. No it's not that crazy people
are deliberately misunderstand I get him.
Yeah I don't know what Super Mario is and I've never played it before but like it just sounds like he's
saying like when you're in one of the press the button down and they don't release the button in tell me it's
over and there was a little next level so until the next thought was over where you would like and then you
removed half and then you press.
Oh so you spread it you spread your a button press across multiple levels.
Yeah it's like don't ever let it up this is the most ridiculous thing I've ever
heard like the guy sounds like a putz. That's rude. I'm
sorry the people that you have probably read on the Internet Yoshi Henry
like your mouthy guy for doing speed right. You'd be one of the people who would like it had
you known about this you have been
like this is the the half press to say I believe I would agree with Hillary on.
Oh there's no such thing as I have breasts but like it just makes me want to shoot high school because
like you're yelling at the nerds you're mean to the kids who are just
like goofy fashion kids like you don't like anything. I was very very lonely in high school.
I did mean to such a dark place called and I think we're not celebrating
our victorious arrival yes yes yes properly. Are we yes it's like we are like I
think we are yes yes no yes are you ready. Yes All right so Kate
latte birdie sent out the following tweet it's a picture of Bernie or
Hillary sign.
Where it's like be informed compare them on the issues that matter and then there is an
issue colon and then it's clearly something has been superimposed over the original issue that was
on the original poster and the superimposed issue is zero point five
times a presses and then under Bernie.
His real answer has. And so to shut out and the rich and the fake answer is. First off I need to
talk about parallel universes and under Hillary. It says and they press isn't a press. You
can't say it's only half.
I now know everything about this this this thing that was like I
really mystifying is now completely clear to me. All right. And there's a lot of me this is the
deep this is the most complicated one I think we've done so it was like a Third there is so much going on here so all
right
so there's two memes that are sort of intersecting here. The first mean is one that I did not aware of which
was the Photoshop Bernie or Hillary sign.
So that's like something that's happening on the Internet a lot of people are taking this original Bernie or Hillary sign
which some well meaning group put up to inform people on the issues of how different the two candidates
were and has simply just been sort of like ridiculed on the Internet by people putting up fake issues
and fake answers to Bernie and Hillary. All right so that's been out
there and then this particular iteration of
that ME him references another ME him which gets
deep into the stodgy a video game affinity
groups right. Yeah there's lots and lots of people who play old video game
called Super Mario sixty
four correct. Yes and they talk about on the Internet about how to
beat different levels of Super Mario sixty four and this one guy talked about
beating this one level by doing a half press of the a key.
Called a bug called about and yeah that's close to half press of the A button. Which
erupted in controversy and that is the thing that is referenced in this tweet
from Kate left a birdie. It is as
if Hillary and Bernie were weighing in on the issue of whether there
is such a thing as a half a press in the Super Mario sixty four video game.
I feel like we're pretty much yes yes yes. What's your asterisk Bernie saying
First we have to talk about purely OK we're basically yes yes
yes yes I don't know what that's about but I just yeah we can let that one go. In
the interest of full disclosure we did not watch the entire half hour video so who knows it might be a mission.
Well clearly you know what I have our own zero sixty four video. Exactly but
we like we can retreat from this thing called the S.S. as right.
Yes yes
yes reply all is P.J.
vote me Alex Goldman we are produced this week by Tim Howard should he put him in any and
FIA Benon our editor is Peter Clowney.
Production assistants for Mervyn began yes we were mixed by Rick Kwan special thanks this week
to Lady at the roche of sit stay dog training. She trains rats the Broadway play
The Curious Incident of the dog in the nighttime and she was very gracious with her time. Our theme
music is by the mysterious brake master cylinder and our ad
news is by build buildings. Matt Lieber is
arguing he could
be you can find more episodes at itunes dot com slash reply
all our website is reply all that ninja shortly before I finish this
episode after many attempts to get her to come on the show or
do reached out to me to reveal some of her secrets but she asked that I not share
them all that I can say is that I believe Big things are coming.
We're taking next week off to work on some stories but we'll see in a couple weeks. Thank you for listening.
Thanks
to our sponsor blue apron blue apron delivers all the fresh ingredients you need to create a home cooked
meal complete with step by step instructions. Plus each meal take forty minutes or less to prepare
go to Blue Apron dot com flash apply. You can get your first two meals for free. That's Blue
Apron dot com slash reply blue apron a better way to cook.
Thanks to our sponsor Stamps dot com staff dot com makes mailing and shipping easy and convenient for
small businesses buy and print. US postage for any letter or package right from
your computer. You see Africa reply. Right now for this special offer a four
week trial plus one hundred ten dollars bonus
offer that includes postage and a digital scale go to stance dot com click on the microphone at
the top of the home page and enter the Africa reply. That's dance dot com offer code reply.
Can I tell you guys a weird story. One time I was in the grocery store.
I was checking
out and the guy in front of me.
Had tattooed on his arm his very muscular head tattooed on his arm.
The Great Gazoo who is a mark who is like an alien from the Jetsons.
And the Flintstones. Oh no excuse me. Thank you who's an alien from The Flintstones.
And he was flirting with the woman who was checking him out
and he was like What do you know about the Great Gazoo.
This is a good elsewhere you know she was like what and he's like who is
this point and he pointed at his bicep and she said. Marvin the
Martian and he was like you don't know anything about the great kids
do.
And that man is now one of the lead bloggers and the
man is also like sort of similar to
you were like oh wow I just like this because of cultures really important.
You never heard of it you never cared about how you hadn't heard of it and I'm going to parade you for the fact that you haven't heard of it and then
I'm going to leave you don't know anything about the bones I would never
ever get anything tattooed on my body and yell at people for not knowing that's true
you wouldn't get a tattoo you'd wear it on a CD Yeah that's right yeah.